Driver:
  Left Stick - Drive Translation
  Right Stick - Drive Rotation
  A (Hold) - Rotate to “Target” (Target is set by state)
  B (Hold) - Robot Relative Drive
  Y - Unused
  X - Lock drivetrain (X-formation)
  Start - Reset Gyro
  Back - Unused
  Left Bumper / Right Bumper (Hold):
If we have a game piece, pathfind to the reef based on the “Branch” state (bumper independant)
If we do not have a game piece, pathfind to the left or right source (bumper dependant). Will pathfind to “Near” or “Far” source position based on dashboard selection
  Left Trigger - Unused
  Right Trigger (Hold) - Slow Mode

  POV Up/UpLeft/UpRight (and “Climb” mode active) - Raise climber
  POV Down (and “Climb” mode active) - Lower climber


Main Operator Button Box:
  Button 1 (CORAL) → Sets state to Coral. Changes LEDs to white.
  Button 2 (ALGAE) → Sets state to Algae. Changes LEDs to blue.
  Button 1 + Button 2 → Sets state to Climb. Changes LEDs to rainbow.
  Button 6 (L1):
(Coral) → Use the “HOME” button’s logic to home elevator, set arm to L1 position.
(Algae) → Use the “HOME” button’s logic to home elevator, and then…
If we do not have a game piece: Sets arm to lollipop position, and runs manipulator wheels at algae intake speed until robot senses a game piece, then sets arm to Processor position.
If we have a game piece: Set arm to Processor position.
  Button 5 (L2):
(Coral) → Sets LevelState to L2.
(Algae) → Raise elevator and set arm position to Algae L2. Run manipulator wheels at algae intake speed until the robot senses a game piece, then run manipulator wheels at hold algae speed.
  Button 4 (L3):
(Coral) → Sets LevelState to L3.
(Algae) → Raise elevator and set arm position to Algae L3. Run manipulator wheels at algae intake speed until the robot senses a game piece, then run manipulator wheels at hold algae speed.
  Button 3 (L4):
(Coral) → Sets LevelState to L4.
(Algae) → Raise elevator and set arm position to Barge.
  Button 7 (HOME):
(Coral) →  Set elevator to 2, but stop power when elevator reaches , allowing elevator to drift to the real 0. Encoder resets to 0 when the limit switch is pressed.
(Algae) → Set elevator to 2, but stop power when elevator reaches , allowing elevator to drift to the real 0. Encoder resets to 0 when the limit switch is pressed.
  Button 8 (Deploy Climb, Requires “Climb” Mode) → Sets Arm to ready to climb position
  Button 9 (GoGoGadget Intake, Requires “Intake” Mode) → Angles arm to intake from farther away
  Button 10 (INTAKE) → Toggles “Intake” Mode. See “ActionDescriptions”.
  Button 11 (Manual Elevator) → Raises the elevator to the set state for when auto align is not used.
  Button 12 (FIRE):
(Coral) → Outtakes manipulator wheels to score (or eject) a game piece
(Algae) →
(elevator is at L4) → Fires game piece at Barge power
(elevator is not L4) → Fires game piece at Processor power